categories
{"_id":{"$oid":"63b8bfbe5b91800f68c5b8d7"},"category_name":"lunch","timestamp":"January 7, 2023","username":"Bob"}
{"_id":{"$oid":"63b9874869fd7e7eea0c2083"},"username":"David","category_name":"Dinner","timestamp":"January 7, 2023"}
{"_id":{"$oid":"63b9875869fd7e7eea0c2084"},"username":"David","category_name":"Breakfast","timestamp":"January 7, 2023"}
{"_id":{"$oid":"63bb4a2a7274d9ec9a264372"},"username":"Sara Buenfeld","category_name":"Pudding","timestamp":"January 8, 2023"}

key_information
{"_id":{"$oid":"5e8e02471c9d440000f8efce"},"dietry_name":"Contains meat"}
{"_id":{"$oid":"5e8e025f1c9d440000f8efcf"},"dietry_name":"Suitable for vegetarians"}
{"_id":{"$oid":"5e8e02721c9d440000f8efd0"},"dietry_name":"Suitable for vegans"}

recipe
{"_id":{"$oid":"63b8bc2b1e7d0702535c0905"},"ingredients":["12 Jacob's cream crackers","8 sprigs of fresh flat-leaf parsley","500 g quality minced beef","2 heaped tablespoons Dijon mustard , optional","1 large free-range egg","olive oil","1 cos or round lettuce","3 ripe tomatoes","1 red onion","3-4 gherkins","6 slices of Cheddar cheese , optional","6 quality burger buns"],"procedures":["Wrap the crackers in a tea towel and smash up until fine, breaking up any big bits with your hands, then tip into a large bowl.                                    \r\n                                    ","Finely chop the parsley (stalks and all), then add to the bowl with the mustard (if using), and the minced beef.                                    \r\n                                    ","Crack the egg into the bowl, then add a good pinch of sea salt and black pepper.\r\n                                    ","With clean hands, scrunch and mix everything up well. Divide into 6 and pat and mould each piece into a roundish shape, roughly 2cm thick.\r\n                                    ","Place the burgers onto a plate, drizzle with oil, then cover and place in the fridge until needed – this will help to firm them up.\r\n                                    ","To cook the burgers, preheat a large griddle or frying pan for 4 minutes on a high heat, then turn the heat down to medium.\r\n                                    ","Place the burgers on the griddle or into the pan, then use a spatula to lightly press them down, making sure the burger is in full contact with the pan.\r\n                                    ","Cook the burgers for 3 or 4 minutes on each side, depending on how you like them – you may need to work in batches.\r\n                                    ","Meanwhile, wash and dry a few small lettuce leaves, tearing up the larger ones. Slice the tomatoes, peel and finely slice the red onion, then slice the gherkins lengthways as finely as you can.\r\n                                    ","Place all the veg toppings, and the cheese (if using) on a platter and put in the middle of the table with plates, cutlery, ketchup and drinks.\r\n                                    ","Once cooked, remove the burgers to a plate and carefully wipe the pan clean with a ball of kitchen paper.\r\n                                    ","Halve the burger buns and lightly toast them in the pan, then serve up.\r\n                                    "],"username":"Jamie Oliver","category_name":"lunch","dish_name":"A cracking burger","description":"meaty","dietry_name":"Contains meat","is_gluten_free":null,"is_nut_free":null,"is_dairy_free":null,"calories":"569","fat":"28.8","saturates":"12.2","sugar":"6.1","salt":"2.3","protein":"32.1","carbs":"45.8","fibre":"2.6","picture":"https://www.jamesmartinchef.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/File_014-768x576.jpeg","timestamp":"January 7, 2023","edit_timestamp":"January 7, 2023","feature":""}
{"_id":{"$oid":"63b9a98ca51b2434f11be99b"},"ingredients":["1 medium red onion, halved and thinly sliced","2 tbsp apple cider vinegar","2 oranges","4 handfuls rocket leaves","2 cooked beetroots, chopped","drop rapeseed oil, for frying","80g thinly sliced halloumi, slices halved","80g pomegranate seeds","2 tbsp pumpkin seeds","handful mint leaves","few sprigs dill, chopped"],"procedures":["Put the sliced onion in a bowl, add the vinegar and toss well. Cut the peel and pith from the orange then segment over the onion bowl to make sure that you catch any juice.\r\n                                    \r\n                                    \r\n                                    ","Pile the rocket onto plates and dot over the beetroot and orange. Rub a drop of oil around a non-stick frying pan then fry the halloumi in the pan for about 30 seconds each side until golden.\r\n                                    \r\n                                    \r\n                                    ","Stir the pomegranate into the onions and spoon this and all the dressing, over the rocket, then top with the halloumi and scatter with the pumpkin seeds, mint and dill.\r\n                                    \r\n                                    \r\n                                    "],"username":"Sara Buenfeld","category_name":"lunch","dish_name":"Beetroot & halloumi salad with pomegranate and dill","description":"Make an easy salad with three of your 5-a-day. Halloumi with juicy pomegranate seeds and the crunch of pumpkin seeds is a moreish combination","dietry_name":"Suitable for vegetarians","is_gluten_free":"on","is_nut_free":null,"is_dairy_free":null,"calories":"371","fat":"18","saturates":"8","sugar":"24","salt":"1.4","protein":"20","carbs":"29","fibre":"8","picture":"https://www.jamesmartinchef.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/7T4A1517-768x512.jpg","timestamp":"January 7, 2023","edit_timestamp":"January 8, 2023","feature":"true_narrow"}
{"_id":{"$oid":"63b9aca9a51b2434f11be99d"},"ingredients":["2 skinless, boneless turkey breast halves  ","¼ cup olive oil  ","2 tablespoons white wine vinegar  ","1 lemon, juiced","4 sprigs fresh dill, chopped","1 tablespoon garlic and herb seasoning blend (such as Mrs. Dash®)","1 teaspoon ground black pepper","2 tablespoons butter","2 tablespoons olive oil","⅛ teaspoon garlic powder","⅛ teaspoon salt","8 thick slices French bread","2 tablespoons mayonnaise","4 slices tomato","4 lettuce leaves"],"procedures":["Preheat the grill to medium-high heat.\r\n                                    \r\n                                    ","Prick chicken breasts all over with a fork, then place in a large bowl. Add 1/4 cup olive oil, white wine vinegar, lemon juice, dill, garlic and herb seasoning, and black pepper to the bowl. Stir to coat chicken breasts thoroughly. Let stand for 10 minutes.\r\n                                    \r\n                                    ","Remove chicken breasts from marinade; discard marinade.\r\n                                    \r\n                                    ","Cook chicken on the preheated grill until no longer pink in the center and juices run clear, 10 to 15 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of a breast should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Transfer chicken to a cutting board; let stand for 5 minutes, then cut chicken breasts in half.\r\n                                    \r\n                                    ","Melt butter and 2 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle garlic powder and salt over butter and oil. Add French bread slices to the skillet; toast until golden brown on one side, about 3 minutes; remove from the pan.\r\n                                    \r\n                                    ","For sandwich assembly, place 1 French bread slice, toasted-side down, onto a serving plate. Spread mayonnaise on bread; top with a tomato slice, then season with salt and pepper. Cover with a grilled chicken breast half and lettuce leaf. Spread untoasted side of another French bread slice with mayonnaise and place on top to make a sandwich.\r\n                                    \r\n                                    "],"username":"Anonymous","category_name":"lunch","dish_name":"Cafe-Style Grilled Turkey Sandwiches","description":"This delicious grilled chicken sandwich recipe features tender grilled chicken on a bed of lettuce, tomato, and mayo sandwiched between two slices of toasted French bread. Bacon and provolone cheese can also be added to the sandwiches.","dietry_name":"Contains meat","is_gluten_free":null,"is_nut_free":null,"is_dairy_free":null,"calories":"553","fat":"34","saturates":"8","sugar":"3","salt":"1.1","protein":"20","carbs":"43","fibre":"2","picture":"https://www.jamesmartinchef.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/7T4A4914-768x512.jpg","timestamp":"January 7, 2023","feature":"true_narrow","edit_timestamp":"January 8, 2023"}
{"_id":{"$oid":"63b9adaba51b2434f11be99e"},"ingredients":["600g small new potatoes","2 red peppers, cut into chunky pieces","1 tbsp red wine vinegar","drizzle of extra virgin olive oil","4 large pieces tilapia or cod","green salad, to serve"],"procedures":["Heat oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Boil the potatoes until knife-tender, then drain. Spread out on a large baking tray and gently crush with the back of a spatula. Add the peppers, drizzle with the vinegar and oil, season well and roast for 25 mins.\r\n                                    ","Put the piri-piri ingredients in a food processor with some salt. Purée until fine, then pour into a bowl. Put the fish on a baking tray and spoon over some of the piri-piri sauce. Season and bake for the final 10 mins of the potatoes’ cooking time. Serve everything with the extra sauce and a green salad on the side.\r\n                                    "],"username":"Jennifer Joyce","category_name":"Dinner","dish_name":"Baked piri-piri tilapia with crushed potatoes","description":"Fish","dietry_name":"Contains meat","is_gluten_free":null,"is_nut_free":"on","is_dairy_free":null,"calories":"318","fat":"9","saturates":"1","sugar":"9","salt":"0.4","protein":"26","carbs":"30","fibre":"6","picture":"https://www.jamesmartinchef.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/7T4A0602-768x512.jpg","timestamp":"January 7, 2023","edit_timestamp":"January 7, 2023","feature":""}
{"_id":{"$oid":"63b9aea105fe3d2a6e1d3473"},"ingredients":["2 large Maris Piper potatoes","vegetable oil, for deep frying and drizzling","1 x 220g/8oz sirloin steak, cut from a whole piece","salt and freshly ground black pepper","Dijon mustard, to serve"],"procedures":["For the chips, peel the potatoes and cut into whatever size you prefer. Wash well in cold water until the water runs clear, drain and pat dry with a clean teatowel.","Fill a deep-fat fryer or a large, deep, heavy-bottomed saucepan two-thirds full with vegetable oil. Heat the oil to 140C–160C, using a thermometer to check the temperature if you're not using a deep-fat fryer. (CAUTION: Hot oil can be dangerous. Don't leave unattended.)","Carefully place the chips in the hot oil and cook for 7–8 minutes or until just cooked through (without colouring). Remove from the oil using a slotted spoon, drain on kitchen paper and set aside to cool. You may do this a few hours in advance, keeping the chips covered, in the fridge.","Meanwhile, to finish the chips, deep fry the chips in batches again in the oil at 180C for 2 minutes, or until crisp and golden brown. Drain on kitchen paper and season lightly with salt.","For the steak, cut small slits across the line of fat on the steak and drizzle a little oil over the fat. Heat a griddle pan over a high heat. Salt the edge of the fat on the steak and place it onto the pan, standing it up on the fatty edge. Hold it there for a few seconds until the fat begins to run down the grooves of the grill; this is all the lubrication you will need to cook the steak.","Allow the steak to fall over, season it very lightly with salt and plenty of pepper, then grill for 2 minutes on each side for a rare steak; 3 minutes for medium; and 4 minutes for well done. However, remember the thinner the steak, the less the cooking time.","Once cooked, leave the steak to rest on a warm plate in a warm place (such as a very low oven) for a few minutes, so that the juices will settle evenly within the meat, while also allowing the meat to relax and become even more tender.","Serve the steak and chips with Dijon mustard."],"username":"Simon Hopkins","category_name":"Dinner","dish_name":"Steak and perfectly cooked chips","description":"Steak and perfectly cooked chips","dietry_name":"Contains meat","is_gluten_free":null,"is_nut_free":null,"is_dairy_free":null,"calories":"","fat":"","saturates":"","sugar":"","salt":"","protein":"","carbs":"","fibre":"","picture":"https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/food/ic/food_16x9_1600/recipes/steak_and_perfectly_77968_16x9.jpg","timestamp":"January 7, 2023"}
{"_id":{"$oid":"63b9af7605fe3d2a6e1d3474"},"ingredients":["2 x French trimmed lamb racks (6-8 chops in each), chine bone removed","1 garlic clove, crushed","1 unwaxed lemon, finely grated zest and juice","2 tsp runny honey","2 tbsp oil"],"procedures":["Trim any excess skin from the lamb and score the fat using a sharp knife. Put the garlic, lemon zest (reserve the juice for the salsa verde), honey and oil in a large bowl and mix. Add the lamb and rub in the marinade. Cover and leave to marinate for at least 30 minutes.\r\n                                    \r\n                                    ","Preheat the oven to 220C/200C Fan/Gas 7\r\n                                    \r\n                                    ","Place a large frying pan over a medium heat, put the lamb fat-side down into the pan and fry for about 5 minutes or until the fat is dark golden-brown. Transfer to a roasting tin, browned side up and bones facing the centre.\r\n                                    \r\n                                    ","Roast for 18–20 minutes, cover with aluminium foil and rest for 15 minutes.\r\n                                    \r\n                                    ","For the salsa verde, mix all the ingredients and the reserved lemon juice together in a bowl and season with little salt and pepper. Gently warm the salsa before serving.\r\n                                    \r\n                                    ","Carve the lamb to divide it into chops. Serve two chops per person with the salsa verde alongside.\r\n                                    \r\n                                    "],"username":"Mary Berry","category_name":"Dinner","dish_name":"Rack of lamb with salsa verde","description":"Want something special for Sunday lunch? Mary's marinated lamb is full of flavour and perfect with salsa verde.","dietry_name":"Contains meat","is_gluten_free":null,"is_nut_free":null,"is_dairy_free":null,"calories":"800","fat":"1","saturates":"1","sugar":"1","salt":"1","protein":"1","carbs":"1","fibre":"1","picture":"https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/food/ic/food_16x9_1600/recipes/rack_of_lamb_with_salsa_86126_16x9.jpg","timestamp":"January 7, 2023","feature":"true_narrow","edit_timestamp":"January 8, 2023"}
{"_id":{"$oid":"63b9ed17f14e43c9e23b71c9"},"ingredients":["50ml olive oil","1 onion diced","1 clove garlic crushed","1 tsp sea salt","1 tsp black pepper","1 tin of tomatoes"],"procedures":["For the simple tomato sauce: In a heavy based pan heat the oil over a moderate heat. Add the onion, stirring constantly, cook for 3 minutes, add the garlic, salt and pepper and cook for a further 2 minutes.","Add the tomatoes and bring to the boil, reduce the heat to a simmer and cook for a good 2 minutes stirring as much as possible","For the pizza dough: Mix together the water, yoghurt and the salt with the olive oil, mix the flour with the baking powder, now add it to the yoghurt and stir well so it becomes a dough, knead it just a tiny bit, divide into 4 even sized balls, and leave to sit for 10 minutes.","Preheat the oven to the highest temperature possible","Place the tray you are going to bake the pizza on into the oven to get it very hot","With a well floured rolling pin, flatten each ball and roll out as thin as possible. Once the dough is rolled out to as thin as possible, take the tray from the oven and dust with a little flour.","Place the rolled out dough on top and cook for 4 minutes, Take the half cooked dough from the oven and turn over so the bottom becomes the top, this means you will not have a soggy pizza!","For a tomato based pizza: Smear over the simple tomato sauce and then tear over a ball of mozzarella and scatter it over your choice of toppings - some meat and a few olives, maybe an artichoke and then sprinkle with cheese. Or just do tomato, ham and pineapple. Or let the children make their own creations! The secret to a great pizza is not too much on top, so keep the ingredients to a minimum. Slide it back onto the top shelf of your very hot oven - the highest setting, and cook for about 5-8 minutes.","For the pizza bianco: Smear over some crème fraîche then tear over a ball of mozzarella and scatter it over the pizza. Slide it onto the top shelf of your very hot oven - the highest setting, and cook for about 5-8 minutes. Once cooked top with sliced Parma Ham."],"username":"John Torode's cheat pizzas","category_name":"Dinner","dish_name":"John Torode's cheat pizza","description":"Pizza","dietry_name":"Contains meat","is_gluten_free":null,"is_nut_free":null,"is_dairy_free":null,"calories":"","fat":"","saturates":"","sugar":"","salt":"","protein":"","carbs":"","fibre":"","picture":"https://images.ctfassets.net/rw1c9zty1onu/cf67c2ae-e0af-470d-b683-4e75d76bd16f/71f346e0874bfc843f56c90beaaf74ba/importedImagecf67c2ae-e0af-470d-b683-4e75d76bd16f?fm=avif&fit=fill&w=830&h=467&q=80","timestamp":"January 7, 2023"}
{"_id":{"$oid":"63b9ee37f14e43c9e23b71ca"},"ingredients":["25g butter","1 shallot  peeled and diced","2 cloves garlic peeled and chopped","2 sticks celery diced","½ leek diced","2 red chillis diced","2 x 400g tinned tomatoes chopped","75ml white wine","1 kilo mussels","1 small bunch basil chopped"],"procedures":["Add the wine to a large pan. Pop in the mussels, add a lid then steam for 3 minutes, drain keeping the stock.","In a large pan sweat the shallot, garlic, celery and leek in the butter, cook for 2 minutes without colouring. Add the basil and tomatoes, bring to the boil, pop the lid on and cook for 3 minutes. Carefully remove the mussel meat from the shells but keep a few in the shell for garnish.","Pop all of the mussel meat back into the sauce with any juices. To finish, add the chilli and season.","To serve, spoon the mussels and sauce into the loaves, top with the parmesan.\r\n"],"username":"James Martin","category_name":"Dinner","dish_name":"Mussels in a cob","description":"Mussels in a cob","dietry_name":"Contains meat","is_gluten_free":null,"is_nut_free":null,"is_dairy_free":null,"calories":"","fat":"","saturates":"","sugar":"","salt":"","protein":"","carbs":"","fibre":"","picture":"https://www.jamesmartinchef.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/IMG_1392-768x512.jpg","timestamp":"January 7, 2023"}
{"_id":{"$oid":"63b9ef64f14e43c9e23b71cb"},"ingredients":["125g butter","4 eggs","100g caster sugar","60g flour","125g dark chocolate","300ml chocolate sauce","300ml crème anglaise","Walnut halves to garnish"],"procedures":["Pre-heat the oven to 180°C/350°F/Gas Mark 4\r\n                                    ","Brush the edges of the moulds with butter, dust the inside with the blitzed walnuts and set aside\r\n                                    ","Melt the butter and chocolate together in a heatproof bowl over a saucepan.\r\n                                    ","Whisk in the eggs, and sugar for 2-3 minutes to ribbon stage. Fold the chocolate mixture into the flour.\r\n                                    ","Pour into the greased and walnut coated moulds allowing space for them to rise and bake for 8 minutes.\r\n\r\n                                    ","Warm the crème anglais, and chocolate sauce. Feather around the fondant and garnish with walnut halves.\r\n                                    "],"username":"James Martin","category_name":"Pudding","dish_name":"Chocolate and walnut fondant","description":"Pudding","dietry_name":"Suitable for vegetarians","is_gluten_free":null,"is_nut_free":null,"is_dairy_free":null,"calories":"","fat":"","saturates":"","sugar":"","salt":"","protein":"","carbs":"","fibre":"","picture":"https://www.jamesmartinchef.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/Choc-Walnut-fondant-768x432.jpg","timestamp":"January 7, 2023","edit_timestamp":"January 8, 2023","feature":""}